Document retention policy (#2102)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/configuration/index-config.md

| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `search_default_fields`      | Default list of fields that will be used for search.   | None |

## Retention policy settings

This section describes the way Quickwit manages data retention. In Quickwit, the retention policy manager drops data on split basis as opposed to individually dropping documents.

```yaml
version: 0

> index_id: "hdfs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index_id: hdfs
```

# ...
retention:
  period: 90 days
  cutoff_reference: split_timestamp_field
  schedule: daily
```

| Variable      | Description   | Default value |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `period`      | Duration after which a split is eligible to be dropped. Expressed in human-friendly way (`1 day`, `2 hours`, `a week`, ...). (1) | required |

> | `cutoff_reference`      | Split attribute on which the retention policy is applied, possible values are: `publish_timestamp`, and `split_timestamp_field`. (2) | required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cutoff_reference`      | Split attribute from which the retention policy is applied relatively, possible values are: `publish_timestamp`, and `split_timestamp_field`. (2) | required |
```
